[TH2-3589] Flags for first and last messages (#7)
th2-net/th2-read-file-common-core: README.md

The module you need is `com.fasterxml.jackson.datatype:jackson-datatype-jsr310`.

#### Behavior details

Each file will produce group of messages that can include `th2.read.order_marker` property:
 * First and last messages will be marked as `start` and `fin`. If first message wasn't sent, `start` mark will be moved to next one 
until some messages will be actually sent.

>  * If file produced only one message, it will be marked as `single`

Reviewer: Please, add information about the `leaveLastFileOpen` option. The property won't be set in this case

Reviewer: Did you have a chance to look at it?

## Changes

### 1.3.0

> + Adds new flags for first `START` and last `FIN` messages

Reviewer: Please, correct flags's names in the readme. Also, please add a property name to the readme file (probably to the change log and to the description block)

Each file will produce group of messages that can include `th2.read.order_marker` property:
 * First and last messages will be marked as `start` and `fin`. If first message wasn't sent, `start` mark will be moved to next one 
until some messages will be actually sent.
 * If file produced only one message, it will be marked as `single` 

>  **NOTE**: If option `leaveLastFileOpen` was turned on means no flags will be generated, this option provides continues data without certain end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 **NOTE**: If option `leaveLastFileOpen` is turned on means no flags will be generated because in this case we cannot determinate the last message read from the file
```
